---
title: 'Episode 1 - Apostle White'
description: 'I was three. It seemed I was born as the second son in an aristocratic family. My life seemed to proceed with no hurdles for the past three years. Of course, not having any hurdles doesn't really equate to 'peaceful'. How could one live in peace with an annoying person's voice...'
head.image: '/placeholder/2.png'
date: '2022-07-07'
---

## I Need You To Become The Strongest

I was three. It seemed I was born as the second son in an aristocratic family. My life seemed to proceed with no hurdles for the past three years. Of course, not having any hurdles doesn't really equate to 'peaceful'. How could one live in peace with an annoying person's voice always speaking in your head?

It was her. According to her claims, she was supposed to be the goddess of justice. As for why such a great entity is stuck inside my head, the answer I got was "It's complicated.", or rather, "I'll tell you when the time comes." so I gradually gave up. Due to those 'undisclosed' reasons, she needed help from me.

She wanted me to become her successor, as the god of justice. As for how I was supposed to achieve such a feat, 

『You just need to punch them in the face.』

In short, I had to become strong enough to enter the gods' realm and punch them in the face. A human reaching such heights wasn't normally possible. However, the 'goddess' claimed that this would be the only way I could ascend. The reason I was chosen was due to something she called 'soul quality'. Each time a person dies and is reborn, the quality of their soul doubles. Me, who had lived nearly a hundred lives, had a quality of soul incomparable to most others. The reason is that a soul isn't allowed to be reborn more than twelve times. Mine was an exception that had something to do with her "reasons".

Most of the previous lives in my memories were miserable. I didn't live long enough to become an adult in any of them. Neither was I some kind of prodigy. I was weak. Was there any reason to specifically stop me from reaching adulthood? Or to make me weak? I needed the answer to these questions. The 'goddess' promised the answer. I had no reason to help this 'goddess' in my head, but I had a feeling that the answers she holds were something I needed to know. I agreed to help her with the sole purpose of acquiring information.

I was blessed with a nice family, which the goddess claimed to be her doing. She even gave me certain gifs before I was reincarnated. She called them the "starter kit" for my journey to become the strongest.

The first among the gifts she gave me was this family. Carefree and wealthy parents, an elder brother to take all responsibilities. I could live my entire life as a NEET and nobody would complain. 

The second gift was my body. It had powerful immunity and resistance to protect me from any kind of disease or poisoning. The body was also able to precisely remember far more events compared to a normal human. My memory of my past lives was supposed to be because of a loophole in this certain characteristic. I was also physically stronger than the average person of my age. According to her, I could even take on a teenager or an adult. Moreover, my eyes were specially made "Judgement" eyes. As for their effect, she wouldn't tell me.

The third gift was the authority of the 'Apostle of Justice'. The goddess could communicate with humans who were recognized as her apostles. Although I didn't understand how it was supposed to help me, she told me that it would become useful in the near future.

The final gift was the ability to completely negate the limits of the world. I would be able to use spells that weren't originally part of her world as long as I could form a basic theory for the spell.

My daily life was just... Well... Playing around. I had nothing to do. All I was taught at home was etiquette. There were busy days when I had to play with the children of other nobles. There were snobby ones that would act self-important to me (although I belonged to a family with a higher rank). There were friendly ones that loved playing with me. As for the friends I made, I could count them with one hand (I really hate those snobby kids).

I was to stay at the home of another noble since my parents said they had some important stuff to do. Of course, it was only an excuse. Among the friends I made, there was a really clingy one that always followed me wherever I went, Tia Redhart. Yes, I was staying at the Redhart mansion. There were twenty nobles in the country, with each clan having its specialty. I could call it quite the big country in fact. The Redhart clan is a family of mages. Our clan, the Truesilver clan, is a family of knights. Ahh, how I hate the chivalry. My parents had unofficially arranged my engagement with Tia Redhart for when I turned five. Yet again, I hate aristocracy and those political marriages (I mean, I was three).

Once I made sure Tia had well slept, I managed to sneak out of the Redhart mansion through an open window. My abnormal build was useful this time. I managed to climb down from the window without many injuries. I am pretty sure the average three-year-old would have suffered from more than just a few broken bones.

I wanted to gain strength. While it wasn't possible to exponentially grow with some levels and stats, I could still make use of my high mana. I would still have some left after burning down an entire country (this body is scary). I was planning on getting proficient at using magic.

I wasn't taught any offensive spells at home. The reason was simple: A sane parent wouldn't want their (three-year-old) kid accidentally harming people with magic. I wasn't taught to read either. Children were only taught to read and write when they turned four. I couldn't rely on learning spells from books because of this reason. The goddess would randomly disappear from time to time so I couldn't rely on her either. However, I still had a plan.

『You're planning on going out alone with no means to guard you? You know, having a stronger build doesn't mean you're any match for a monster!』

Her voice showed visible surprise.

"I never said I had no means of guarding myself." 

It was a proud proclamation of a toddler.

『You don't mean... You're going to fight barehanded?'』

I had heard about useless stupid goddesses in one of my past lives. Now one of them was speaking to me in my head.

"Why would you ever imagine a toddler wrestling a monster?"

『Ah. Sorry, that was a strange thing to ask.』

The goddess once told me that despite being in my head, she couldn't read my mind. Was the omnipotence of gods a lie?

I had memorized a map of my town with the help of a certain goddess that translated the map for me. I headed towards a forest by the east. The forest was said to be inhabited by harmless monsters like slimes and rabbits. Slimes were weak enough to be killed by a kid with a few stones. Rejoice, slimes and rabbits, for you get to be great sacrifices for my experiment!

I snuck into the forest without any guards noticing. Having a toddler's body had its own perks. I was able to see pretty well in the dark due to the effects of the Judging Eye of the goddess of justice (buy a Judging Eye today! It comes with a free night vision effect!).

Once I made sure that I was pretty far away from the guards, I began casting.

『Wait seriously? You are trying to formulate a theory for a spell? You won't get away in one piece if you mess up! Sure I may be annoying at times, but suicide is not the solution!』

Did I ask you to choose me? 

What I did was an act of sheer will and absolute confidence. I had lived nearly a hundred lives and had witnessed thousands of different spells in those lives. It was only natural that I would learn a handful of them. I tried recreating one of the most basic spells I knew. Adjusting the spell's nature to match my body took a large amount of time. A spell with a ten-second cast time would take an hour to make. The spell I made just then took around fifteen minutes.

"Lance!"

A magic circle appeared in the air. This spell was a placed spell with a short launch time and high accuracy. Hunters mostly used it to trap wild animals. It didn't cost much mana and was pretty much a sure-hit spell. It only had two cons. It had a very small range and a moderately high cast time. It would take a few seconds to cast 'Lance' which leaves the caster vulnerable. So this spell was rarely used in combat. As for me who plans on a massacre of slimes and rabbits, it was the perfect spell.

『Isn't this spell similar to that arrow magic? You could've just learned arrow magic from someone.』

"Arrow is not a placed spell, right? I've seen some adults use it. It has a lesser cast time compared to my lances, but the damage is nowhere near significant. I never had enough mana to make good use of a lance in my past life. But that wouldn't be the case now."

A magic lance didn't require much mana compared to many other spells that could deal similar damage. However, the long casting required to create a single lance made it undesirable.

『What do you mean?』

"Placed spells have their own pros. I do not need to cast placed spells. As for direct spells, they make good use in real combat. But that isn't my style of fighting. I died enough times trying to dive into battle."

I pointed to a tree and spoke. "Annihilation!". Placed spells needed a password to activate them when required. I set the password to "Annihilation". Why? Because it sounded cool.

The moment I commanded it, the magic circle I made earlier shattered and released a lance that traveled at a speed a toddler's eyes could never keep up with.

As for the tree I pointed to, there was a clean giant hole in the middle. Not just one tree. A couple of trees behind it suffered from a similar effect. Did I perhaps get too excited?

『Umm... What was that just now? Are you sure you're just three years old?』

"Don't ask me. You were with me since before I was born. And you were the one who gave me this body in the first place."

『I know that! But what was that spell? That was too destructive!』

"It didn't even cost much mana. If I were to express it in numbers, probably five-thousandth of my mana."

『No way such a destructive spell would cost such low mana! You... I took the right choice after all!』

"Petty goddess."

『Did you say something?』

"Huh, nothing at all~ Anyways we gotta find the monsters right? It's pretty rare for me to get a chance to sneak out of my house like this."

『• • •』

"Goddess?"

『Oh sorry. You were saying?』

"Is something wrong?"

『It's nothing. I've been having this uneasy feeling ever since we entered this forest...』

## Author's Note
First chapter out... Lessgoo!