---
title: 'Episode 2 - Apostle White'
description: "There were no signs of slimes or rabbits anywhere. Was I running out of luck? Or perhaps I should say, I was too lucky. A little kid not encountering monsters sure is..."
head.image: '/placeholder/2.png'
date: '2022-07-09'
---

## I Should Stop Making Up Cringy Names

There were no signs of slimes or rabbits anywhere. Was I running out of luck? Or perhaps I should say, I was too lucky. A little kid not encountering monsters sure is good luck.

I randomly made magic circles and tested them on trees. I lost track of how many magic circles I created. When proceeding deeper into the forest, I came upon something weird in the distance.

"Umm goddess..."

『Yes, human?』

"What is that thing standing by the cave?"

The 'thing' I was pointing to looked like a normal human, except that it had a weirdly disproportionate body and a big nose. It was around the size of a boy entering puberty, except for its ugly build.

『That's a troll. They're like primitive humans. They are not of any harm to humans. Despite being primitive, they're pretty friendly.』

A troll huh. Pretty sure it was the first time I've seen one. The troll noticed me peeking. He slowly approached me carrying a club. Was I mistaken for an animal? I stepped out of my hiding place to prevent any misunderstanding. My entrance surprised Mr. Troll.

"Hoo... Man..."

"Ahh yes. I'm a human!"

"Small... Hooman..."

Well, yes. I was much smaller than this already dwarfish guy. I mean, I was still growing.

"Forest... Danger... Go..."

Danger? Wasn't the forest supposed to be inhabited only by weak monsters?

"Danger?"

Mr. Troll pointed to a nearby hill.

"Wing lizard... Eat hooman..."

Winged lizard? A dragon? There was no way something that big would go unnoticed. Probably... A wyvern?

"Was it big?"

"Yes. Big! Wing lizard eat Rol's friends!"

Did it eat his friends? I guessed it wouldn't be anywhere near as easy as a rabbit. The goddess then spoke in my mind.

『You're just three years old. If it is a dragon, it wouldn't even need to bite you in order to eat you.』

I understood her worries. It would be hard if it was a dragon. But from the description given by Mr. Troll, I mean Rol, it wasn't easy to know what it was. Mr. Rol had a convenient name though.

"Mr. Rol, what did the winged lizard look like??"

"Rol doesn't remember. Wing lizard and wing lizard's friends eat Rol's friends..."

"Anything you could remember!"

"Aaaah! Rol remembers! Not wing lizards! Wing snakes!"

『A demon serpent.』

"A demon serpent?"

『They are flying serpents. They're different from wyverns. Wyverns breathe fire to kill their prey. Demon serpents secrete an acidic poison along with their saliva and spew it at their prey to kill them.』

Poison wouldn't have any effect on me due to the goddess' gift. But that wouldn't mean the acid wasn't dangerous. And there were multiple of those things? At my current ability, I didn't have a chance against them.

"Wait... Aren't you the goddess of this world? Why would you even make such dangerous monsters?"

『You will understand it when you get to my position/』

The goddess casually declined an answer as always. 

"Regardless, we cannot just leave them like this, can we? This place is supposed to be a safe area."

『It's not like they are impossible to beat. A dragon is one thing, but a demon serpent would serve as good training. I would have hesitated a while ago, but they shouldn't be much trouble as long as you take them by surprise』

Thinking back, the output of my spells was much greater than normal due to some reason. 

"Mr. Rol, I will kill the winged lizard! Stay safe somewhere they won't find you!"

"Wing lizard bad! Wing lizard eat hoomans!"

"Don't worry, Mr. Rol! I am more dangerous!"

『Maybe I shouldn't have said that.』

Mr. Rol reluctantly went back to his cave. He came back with another club.

"Weapon of Rol's friend. Rol gives hooman."

A club? A weird choice of weapon for someone who was about to go hide in a corner and spam spells till the serpents die, but I accepted it anyways. The more prepared, the better. I tried to lift it.

...

Was I not worthy?

I realized that it was getting late. It was just a couple of hours before sunrise. In the end, I never got to test any magic against the rabbits and slimes. You were lucky, monsters... If I didn't return before sunrise, Tia would wake up, find that I was missing, and I would get an earful later.

I decided to move on quickly. I wanted to avoid Tia waking up before I returned. As I reached the hilltop, I found the serpents, six of them, sleeping on a tree (I was sure they slept in caves though. It was disappointing to see such feared monsters sleeping on tree branches). Well... They looked cool. Probably the coolest things I've seen in this life. It was a pity I promised to kill them.

I noticed some humanoid bodies on the grass. Trolls. They must have been Mr. Rol's friends. I didn't want to wake the serpents from their sleep. It would make it harder for me. I never thought it would be easy. I was probably lucky that I arrived when they were sleeping. I hid behind some bushes and cast some lances in random places. Six of them.

『You don't show mercy, do you?』

"Well... I finally got a chance to test my spells! Also, they ate the trolls right? So we need to avenge Mr. Rol's friends~"

『I won't stop you. I have witnessed the strength of your lance myself. Forget serpents, even wyverns won't stand a chance!』

"Huh? Were my lances that strong? They were only basic spells though."

『The power of magic depends on the quality of your soul as well. Yours is just too high quality.』

"That's understandable."

After making sure the lances were placed correctly, I woke up the serpents with my next spell.

"Arrow Rain!"

Multiple arrows rained on the sleeping serpents. Even though I called them arrows, they were just tiny needles. The spell itself was made to be a weapon of mass destruction but was later adapted to suit friendly combat.

The serpents didn't realize what hit them and were in a state of confusion. They then set their gaze on me and identified me as an enemy.

The serpents readied their acid attacks. However, I had no plans of letting them attack me. Since my body was that of a toddler, even a single hit would be overkill. I had to be cautious so as to not get hurt.

"Annihilation!"

『Pfft.』

One of the lances activated and pierced them. The lower half of a serpent disintegrated without a trace. I guess six was too much eh... They were annihilated after just four lances.

"I wish I hadn't wasted my time creating more lances."

『It can't be helped. You're MY apostle after all~』

Suddenly, the ground rumbled. A huge worm popped out of the ground.

『Woahh. That one's my favorite, the worm that swallows you whole and chews you with teeth inside its stomach.』

CLICHE! What's with the "after defeating the demon lord, you shall face the final boss" trope? It wasn't even a normal worm. It looked like a gigantic caterpillar. I never knew caterpillars lived under the ground.

"What evil intent motivated you to create this abomination?"

『Boredom. Now, get this over with.』

"How the hell am I supposed to do that?"

『Idk, maybe kill it?』

The worm hadn't noticed me yet. It started feeding on the serpent corpses. Suddenly, a noise was heard from somewhere nearby. When I turned my head...

CLICHE! It was Tia standing right there. I had successfully encountered the "saving your cute childhood friend from evil monsters" trope. The only issue was that I was three and that caterpillar thing probably weighed at least thirty tonnes.

The worm noticed Tia and aggressively approached her. 

"Annihilation!"

『Pfft.』

A magic circle near me shattered and released a lance at the worm. The lance pierced the worm. It seemed somewhat effective and the worm turned its head towards me.

"Why are you here?"

I screamed at Tia. She just stood there, frozen. I would have frozen with fear if I encountered a thirty-metre-long caterpillar.

『Ah, she just sneaked right behind you.』

"Wait, how does a three-year-old jump from the second floor of a mansion and come out unhurt? And why would you not mention it earlier?"

『It just seemed fun. It is her house after all. She'd know safer ways to sneak out, unlike a reckless kid that jumps from the second floor.』

Maybe I should have asked her some ways to sneak out.

"Annihilation!"

Another lance hit the worm from the side and pushed it away from me. 

『Pfft.』

"Did you just laugh?"

『Your imagination.』

I ran over to Tia and picked her up. My strong build helped me carry her with ease, but our almost non-existent size difference made it hard to get a proper grip.

I ran down the hill. The worm regained composure and started chasing me. I was out of lances to fire. As I was running, I passed by Mr. Rol's house. Mr. Rol stood there, frozen from fear as he saw me running from a thirty-metre caterpillar.

Suddenly, the caterpillar made a huge leap from behind me and landed in front of me. Nobody told me that caterpillars could jump. It stood up and approached me.

As I was looking for ways to escape, I sensed some familiar magic. They were magic circles I had cast and forgotten to destroy.

The worm charged at me while I screamed.

"ANNIHILATION!"

『HAHAHAHA』

About seven lances from random directions pierced the worm at once. It let out a deathly shriek as it collapsed to the ground. The worm lay there, motionless. It was finally dead.

Tia just stood there, with her mouth wide open. 

"YOU ARE SO COOL!"

Of course, I was the best lancer in history who could have probably won the holy g*ail war.

Tia suddenly started questioning me.

"How are you so strong? Can you teach me that spell?"

I thought for a moment.

"Now, listen here, Tia. I am going to share a really important secret with you..."

Tia gulped.

"I am a great hero selected by the goddess of justice to save this world. I have been bestowed great powers for that purpose."

Tia's eyes were glowing.

"Do you promise to take this secret to your grave?"

"Yessir!"

Sometimes, kids are too easy.

『I remember mentioning that I didn't want you sharing that with anyone, but I shall let this slide this once.』

"By the way, goddess... Was it just me or were you giggling every time I cast the lances?"

『Probably just your imagination.』

"Understandable... No, it wasn't! I definitely heard you giggle, every time!"

『Your fault for giving it such a cringy name.』

She wasn't wrong. I shouldn't have let my delusional self take over.

"Why are you talking with yourself, o great hero?"

Tia was getting into character.

"Nothing much. Let's head back, shall we?"

## Author's Note
Wrote this episode half-asleep. Have a great day.