---
title: 'Episode 3 - Apostle White'
description: "Turning seven was a pretty big occasion in every life I lived. The reason is a mysterious system in every one of those worlds that went by the name of 'Nature'. When an individual turned seven, Nature would..."
head.image: '/placeholder/2.png'
date: '2022-07-10'
---

## Appearances Can Be Deceiving

One day before I turned seven. Turning seven was a pretty big occasion in every life I lived. The reason is a mysterious system in every one of those worlds that went by the name of "Nature". When an individual turned seven, Nature would bestow a title upon the individual. Unlike normal titles, the title provided by Nature is special since it is unique to that individual. Whoever made this system sure had abundant creativity, enough to provide unique titles to millions of people in that world.

Tia turned seven the previous month and she was rumored to have received a cool title whose name and nature I was unaware of. Children were made to stay in the sanctum for a week after they were appraised, generally to make them get used to the effects of their title during that time so that they do not cause trouble for people around them.

I had always thought the system was made by the gods and was supervised by them, but when I asked the goddess about it, she gave me a negative reply.

『Even we gods do not know much about the system. As for whatever we know, we are not supposed to share it.』

Ah yes, the usual goddess.

『Since tomorrow is your birthday, you will get your title tomorrow right?』

"I guess. Hey goddess, if you are below the system as well, then you would have a title too right?"

『Yes, I do.』

"Ahh is that so... I never imagined the gods to have titles as well..."

『Everyone in our realm has a title. The great god has multiple titles.』

Multiple titles? Could the maker of the system even afford to give multiple unique titles to one entity? I guessed it must have been so since he was the "great god".

"So what is your title called?"

『Equality and Justice.』

==========

I turned seven. I was to be taken to the grand sanctum in the capital for appraisal. I was a bit worried, the reason being my status as an "Apostle". It seemed that the appraisal was capable of finding that too. The goddess had warned me against revealing anything about me being her apostle to anyone. Tia was just an exception since she was a blockhead.

『Don't worry. I have taken care of everything. I made preparations beforehand.』

Made preparations? My worries only increased.

I was in a carriage with my parents. There was absolute silence in the carriage except for the sound of the carriage moving. Both of them had nervous expressions on their faces. Their only son received his once-in-a-lifetime unique title after all.

"Dear, what kind of title do you think our son would have received?" my dignified mother broke the silence.

"It is a difficult question. We have been receiving warrior-based titles for the past three generations. I wonder if his title would be similar as well." the respectable father replied.

I certainly did not want a warrior-based title. My father's "Dancer of the Light Blades" provided him with great proficiency and speed with rapiers. As for me who had never been able to wield a sword properly in any of my lives, it would be an absolute nightmare. Among the nearly hundred lives I lived, I was strong only in a mere three lives and I was a mage in all three. If any, I was confident in my magic theory. I prepared several spells after the day I fought the serpents though I never managed to find another occasion to sneak.

『Listen, delay the appraisal as long as you can. I just informed another apostle of mine. He will be here in a few minutes.』

I was always bad at managing such situations. As the goddess told me to delay the appraisal, we arrived at the capital.

My mother seemed most excited.

"We're finally here. Let's get you appraised!" 

That was bad. I had to find a reason to delay the appraisal. Reason... I tugged her finger.

"Ma... I... I am hungry..."

"We shall eat at a restaurant after you get appraised then." 

A calm reply from the dignified mother.

"I am v-very hungry..."

"Now?"

An exclamation from the dignified mother.

"Y-yes." 

I replied in the most innocent way trying my best to stammer naturally. Behold my cuteness, for, the cuteness of their child is irresistible to parents!

"The appraisal is more important right now. We can have lunch after your appraisal."

Epic fail. I never expected that.

"Hey, goddess. You got any ideas?" I whispered.

There was no reply. That was the moment I knew there was no escaping it.

We reached the sanctum a few minutes later. There wasn't anything I could do beyond the point.

"Welcome, Sir Truesilver. We have been awaiting your arrival."

We were greeted by a young man in a priest's attire. Judging by his appearance, he was probably in his teens. An apprentice?

We were taken to a chamber beyond the prayer hall. Inside the chamber, there was seated a woman, probably in her early twenties. I guessed that must have been the priestess who was supposed to appraise my title.

The guard stopped my parents and our guards at the chamber.

"Only the child shall pass. You may collect your child after a week."

What was I? A po*emon at the po*emon center?

My mother came to me and whispered a set of rules I should follow during my stay at the sanctum. Aristocracy sure was a pain.

As my parents left, I was taken inside the chamber. The door closed behind me.

"Welcome, Lord Truesilver." the priestess welcomed me.

"Umm... Greetings... I suppose?"

This was bad. "Hey, goddess... Is your apostle here yet?" 

I whispered under my breath.

『He is almost here. Do not worry. Just begin the appraisal.』

That was good to know.

"Did you say anything?" the priestess asked.

"No i-its nothing."

"Shall we begin your appraisal?"

The priestess came forward and began chanting something. A magic circle appeared between us, glowed for a while, and then disappeared. The priestess pointed to a screen behind her. Letters began appearing on the screen.

\[ Name: Yevon Truesilver ]

That was my name. I never thought Nature would record our names. It must cost quite a lot to maintain such a huge database.

\[ Title: ]

The most awaited part. The goddess had told me that my title would determine how easy it would be to become the strongest.

\[ ... ]

It stopped. It was strange. Was the appraisal just for the unique title? The priestess was sweating. "Ty... Tyrant..." she muttered.

『Why... Of all titles in Iris... Why a title with such a name?』

Iris? The goddess was acting weird as well. Just then, the chamber doors opened. An obese figure came in. He reminded me of your usual 'snobby-rich-noble' or 'corrupted-priest' character.

"Priestess. Is the child's appraisal done?"

The priestess looked at the man, shivering.

"Your eminence... this child... his title..." 

She nervously pointed to the screen.

\[ The Tyrant ]

My unique title sounded a bit cool. However, I had no idea about its effects since the name "Tyrant" sounded vague.

"That name? It should be impossible!" the man exclaimed.

"Goddess... What even is going on? Why are they shocked?" I whispered.

『Many thousands of years ago, there lived an evil god. He went by the name of Tyrant. His orders were absolute and he had everything under his control.』

What now, a demon king story?

『 However, the elder gods that served under him fought against his tyranny and sealed him. Even though the evil god never had a title, his nickname became taboo. People who do not know how Nature works gradually began believing the name to be his title.』

"Umm... So are they gonna burn me in the stakes?"

『Where ever did you get such an idea? You don't have to worry. That man is one of my apostles. I have told him to take good care of you.』

That fat man was an apostle? I guess appearances can be deceiving. The fat man was still in his conversation with the priestess.

"The documents clearly state the Tyrant never had a title. We shouldn't jump to conclusions."

"But, your eminence-"

"I'll take care of him. Keep this a secret for now."

Wasn't my "Apostle" status already something big? Now my unique title was something notorious as well?

"I understand, your eminence. I will make sure I will carry this information to my grave."

"By the way, priestess, I will be taking this child outside the sanctum. Keeping him inside the sanctum poses a risk of others appraising him."

"If you say so..."

The fat man clapped his hands and the screen in front of me split into two to reveal a stairway. He signaled me to follow him. We moved down the stairs and followed a long corridor. My legs were about to give away. I was in a seven-year-old's body after all.

"Where are we going?".

"It is a secret location."

"Ehhh? Why are you taking me there then?"

"You are an apostle, right? You will learn when we reach the location."

When we reached the exit, we were already outside the capital. We were in the woods. Unlike the woods in our town, these woods were denser and I could sense more monsters here.

The fat man stopped by a tree and spoke some words. A huge magic circle appeared on the ground.

"Eeehhh?"

We were sucked in by the ground. Before I knew it, I was standing in a dark room lit by two torches.

Several marks were hanging on the wall nearby.

"Take one."

"Hey, goddess... Is this apostle thing some kind of secret service?"

『This kind of security is important. Apostles are primary targets of assassination, both from inside and outside the world.』

What did I even sign up for?

I chose a white mask that looked the least intimidating. The fat man took out a pumpkin mask from his pocket and wore it.

"Follow me." the fat man walked through the door in front of us.

It was another long passage. I was at a point where I was unsure if I could ever walk again. We passed by a lot of doors which the old man paid no attention to.

He stopped before a door and placed his hands on it. Some magic scanned his palm and the door opened.

"We're here, the home of justice."

==========

I was sitting on a seat at a huge table that can be called a round table. Several others were sitting in other seats. Seven of them, including the fat man that brought me there. Everyone was wearing a mask. There were masks of all shapes, sizes, and colors. There was a funny man wearing a clown mask (the very reason he looked funny) and a shady man with a crow mask that reminds you of a plague doctor (again, the very reason he looked shady). The fat man was wearing his pumpkin mask that gave off an ominous aura.

"Hey pumpkin, is that the recruit the goddess mentioned?" asked a woman wearing a cute monkey mask.

That's the kind of mask murderers in horror films would be wearing.

"That's true. He would be the ninth."

Pumpkin replied. The crow mask turned to me.

"Welcome, little man! And that mask... eh... circle mask? I'll just call you white... Anyway, welcome!"  

It was a feminine voice. A female? The personality was quite opposite of what I expected as well.

I was wearing a white mask. A plain, white, circular mask with two holes for the eyes.

『So, everyone has gathered, right?』

The goddess' voice began echoing through the room. It was the first time she didn't directly speak to my head.

"Silence, the great goddess has spoken!"

Pumpkin seemed to be in charge there.

『Thank you. So now, things have gotten out of control on my side.』

"Is that the reason Lady Justice hadn't contacted us in the past seven years?" asked a man in a fox mask.

『I am afraid so. Things have gone bad here. That is the reason why I sent his child as the ninth seat.』

Clown seemed dissatisfied.

"Was it necessary to choose another apostle instead of calling one of us?" 

"You shall not talk so rudely to the goddess, clown!"

『It's okay. For certain reasons, I cannot explain the situation up here, but the child is the only person that could help me.』

"Do you mean, this child has enough power to stand against the guardians?" 

Crow seemed curious.

『No. It is more like if this child cannot defeat the guardians, nobody else can.』

"So little man here is a prodigy?" 

『Something like that.』

Something was bugging me for a while.

"I only see seven apostles here. Where is the other one?"

"The eighth is out on another job. She'll be back soon."

『As of now, my only connection with this world is this child. If he dies, I will no longer be connected to this world. I would like to avoid that at all costs. I am the leader of the neutral faction after all. This world, which is under my jurisdiction, would be the primary target of gods from either faction.』

"Factions?" 

Everything was getting complex.

『Crow, could I ask you to teach white mask here about all of our basics within the next week?』

"Leave it to me, Milady. I look forward to getting along with white as well." replied the crow mask.

『I shall take my leave then.』

Saying so, the godly aura that surrounded the room faded away.

『Ahh, that was tiring. Anyways, make sure to pay attention to your classes from crow for the next week. The basics are important knowledge for an apostle.』

Apostle stuff? Wasn't the one week supposed to be utilized to teach the child about their title?

『I can always teach you about your title. The title can wait. Basics go first.』

\[Did you just read my mind?]

『These masks serve as a spiritual connection between me and the wearer. That's why I can read your mind. Normally I would be able to do it without the mask if I weren't in my current weakened state.』

So the masks weren't just for show after all.

==========

Several minutes after the meeting ended, Mr. Pumpkin took me to one of the rooms in the facility.

"This will be your room during your week's stay here. Crow will fetch you for her classes later."

"Oh okay." 

I couldn't say anything. Mr. Pumpkin left the room leaving me alone. While the mask room and the meeting room looked like ruins, the room I was in looked as luxurious as a high-class hotel.

I had nothing to do. I couldn't practice magic in the room. I decided to try experimenting with my magic theory.

\[By the way, goddess...]

『...?』

[What did you mean by "weakened state"?]

『I guess it should be fine if I told you... Listen, kid! What I am going to tell you is serious information. Promise me you would never reveal this to anyone else.』

\[I prefer not to hear it then.]

『Eh???』

\[If it's such an important secret, wouldn't it be better off if I didn't know it?]

『You...』

I felt an overwhelming force. I was incapable of even giving a mental reply. Since I got too used to her being inside my head for a long while, I slowly began to forget that she was a goddess.

『I am serious.』

\[O-okay. What is it? I promise to keep it a secret]

『I... I don't exist.』

Huh?

## Author's Note
Updates may slow down soon.